Hotel Guest Management System (H.G.M.S) is a fully functioning web-based multi-platform where users can remotely create, update, and cancel the reservation online. furthermore, this application is designed to manage tasks as adding a guest or creating a guest member, search room availability, manage room information, check-in and check-out, and payment functionality. The user interface of this web-app is developed using technologies like JSP and Thymeleaf. The back-end is developed using the Spring framework technologies like spring mvc, spring boot, JPA , and Hibernate integrating with SQL database. This project is designed with a domain-driven design using an agile software development process. The implementation for the H.G.M.S. is going to be handled through an Object-oriented approach. Based on these methodologies, the project work is expected to be light and fully functional. Several testing mechanisms evaluate the system regarding the functionality and user levels of the developed system—the evaluation results for further preservation and enhancement of the product. Thoroughly operative Hotel Guest Management System performs the highest aspirations and all the events of the hotel. The Software Requirements Specification (S.R.S.) will provide a detailed description of the requirements for the Hotel  Guest Management System (H.G.M.S.). This S.R.S. will allow for a complete understanding of what is to be expected from the newly introduced system, which is to be constructed. A clear understanding of the system and functionality will allow for the correct software to be developed for the end-user. 

